README.md, before:

# Devmarkt-Backend
Devmarkt Backend of the Devmarkt-Rework

## Goal of this project
This project stands in connection with the devmarkt rework,
which is a full rework of the current devmarkt created by the devcord
discord server.

This rework of its backend want to be more feature-rich and more
maintainable.

## Features and structure
The Devmarkt-Backend is divided into 4 main parts:
- [Templates](#templates)
- [Applications](#applications)
- [History](#history)
- [Management](#management)

### Templates
Templates are a collection of questions, identified by a unique name.

### Applications
Applications are answered templates by a user.

#### Application Service
The application service (endpoints and event) is a service, that stores
the current application of a user. This application is either waiting for processing
by a mod or is in revision mode.

If the application is accepted, it will move to the history and will be 
immutable.

### History
The History stores all application of a user, identified by its timestamp.

It also contains actions to delete an application, but this is
not guaranteed to be done on client side.

### Management
The management service provides some admin actions like:
- fetch/delete all data of a user
- block/unblock a user from creating application

## Usage
soon...

## Module information
The `backend` module contains the main application of this backend.
The `dto_common` module contains some DTOs for the Rest API and events.

## Contributing
Before you starts to write your code, you should open an issue 
so that we can discuss your idea. 
The issue will also use to track the current status of your implementation,
in addition you should open a draft PR, when you're starting to work on it.

### Styleguide
We use the Google [Java Google Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html), if you use IntelliJ IDEA the style Guide should
be applied automatically.

## License
The project is published under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/devcordde/devmarkt-backend/blob/main/LICENSE),
a copyright header is provided with IntelliJ IDEA.

Commit message:

Add info about pull requests and squashing

README.md, after:

# Devmarkt-Backend
Devmarkt Backend of the Devmarkt-Rework

## Goal of this project
This project stands in connection with the devmarkt rework,
which is a full rework of the current devmarkt created by the devcord
discord server.

This rework of its backend want to be more feature-rich and more
maintainable.

## Features and structure
The Devmarkt-Backend is divided into 4 main parts:
- [Templates](#templates)
- [Applications](#applications)
- [History](#history)
- [Management](#management)

### Templates
Templates are a collection of questions, identified by a unique name.

### Applications
Applications are answered templates by a user.

#### Application Service
The application service (endpoints and event) is a service, that stores
the current application of a user. This application is either waiting for processing
by a mod or is in revision mode.

If the application is accepted, it will move to the history and will be 
immutable.

### History
The History stores all application of a user, identified by its timestamp.

It also contains actions to delete an application, but this is
not guaranteed to be done on client side.

### Management
The management service provides some admin actions like:
- fetch/delete all data of a user
- block/unblock a user from creating application

## Usage
soon...

### Module information
The `backend` module contains the main application of this backend.
The `dto_common` module contains some DTOs for the Rest API and events.

### Contributing
Before you starts to write your code, you should open an issue 
so that we can discuss your idea. 
The issue will also use to track the current status of your implementation,
in addition you should open a draft PR, when you're starting to work on it.

### Pull requests and squashing
We usually don't squash PRs unless the commit messages are not meaningful.
Therefore, we really recommend that you always use useful commit messages.

#### Styleguide
We use the Google [Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html), if you use IntelliJ IDEA the style Guide should
be applied automatically.

### License
The project is published under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/devcordde/devmarkt-backend/blob/main/LICENSE),
a copyright header is provided with IntelliJ IDEA.
